[MI-3752]: Added the test cases for the mentions in MS Teams sync plugin (#13)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/mentions/Mention_all_users.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Mention all users in channel or GM"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Mention all users in the linked channel or GM"
```

Reviewer: check everyhwhere

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: mentions
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Send the `all`/`channel`/`here` mention in the linked channel or GM in MM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Mention all the users through 'all' / 'channel' / 'here' in the linked channel or GM in MM.
```

> 1. Mention all the users through `all`/`channel`/`here` in the linked channel or GM on MM.

Reviewer 2: please add @ also

2. Navigate to the linked channel or GM in MS Teams.

**Step 2**

> 1. Send the `Channel name` or `everyone` mention in the linked channel or GM respectively in MS Teams.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Mention all users in channel or GM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: mentions

> authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"

Reviewer: update author

team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. In the text area mention "all" in the desired channel or GM on MM.

> 2. Click on the send button in MM.

Reviewer: combine these steps if possible

> 3. Navigate to the linked channel or GM in MS teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate to the linked channel or GM in MS Teams.
```

**Step 2**

1. In the text area mention the "Channel" or "everyone" in the desired channel or GM respectively on MS teams.

> 2. Click on the send button in MS teams.

Reviewer: same

**Step 1**

> 1. In the text area mention "all"/"channel"/"here" in the linked channel or GM and click on send button in MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Send `all`/`channel`/`here` mentions in the linked channel or GM in MM.
```

Reviewer: fix everywhere

2. Navigate to the linked channel or GM in MS Teams.

**Step 2**

1. In the text area mention the "Channel" or "everyone" in the linked channel or GM respectively and click on send button in MS Teams.
2. Navigate to the linked channel or GM in MM.

**Expected**

> The user should be able to view the "channel name" or "everyone" mention highlighted in the linked channel or GM on MS Teams. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should be able to view the `channel` mention or `everyone` mention highlighted in the linked channel or GM, respectively, on MS Teams. 
```

Reviewer: fix everywhere
